all right hi hello welcome to the Jay s
core dev team weekly Singh it is March
2019 it's very nice to see you all
if you are here please put your name on
the happened in under the attendees list
because we like to know who is here I
have pasted the link in the chat so you
can do that and if you haven't already
and you're doing been doing some work on
on Jay s core FS stuff then put down
your weekly update this week I have
decided that if we have time I'm glad to
try something that the go team do which
is this cross team update so if anyone
is here from actually this there is
people here from other teams who would
like to share an update from their team
their working group in this working
group then please put down your names at
the bottom of the list and your your win
and or update and will maybe get to you
if we have time and you can read it out
and tell us about what you've been doing
so without further ado let's get on with
it weekly updates so what do we do we
normally tell each other what we've been
doing last week what we are blocked in
bok-dong and what we're going to be
doing this week so my name is at the top
I will start what have I been doing
ah I've opened loads of ps4 CID v1 at
face value encoded and Co DS by default
[Music]
basically they're a lot of the ask to
update this CID dependency because it
will be a major version when it gets
released so I'm just basically
earmarking where the repos where I need
to have an update done so I've opened
them all and it should be easy for me to
when the time comes go around and swap
over that dependent that github repo
dependency to an actual version number
when it gets released so that's good so
that took a while taken all those and
what else we're doing so I had a look
again the IPO
API refactor okay last week I did a
couple of interviews and a whole bunch
of my time got got taken up with
investigating there is a well there was
a issue with the in go bit swap for the
preload notes that JSI BFS uses an image
ASI PFS users people who are creating
creating nodes were not able to actually
share content with each other what was
happening was the the node was
connecting to the preload nodes and it
looked like it was sending want lists
but never actually receiving the content
from the note even though than those
definitely have that content and I think
that has boiled down to the fact that
there was another node another preload
node spun up which used the same peer ID
as a as a current one so there was to
preload nodes running and I think the
one that was spun off failed but never
got taken down properly so those to
preload nodes were the same peer ID and
it was apparently messing everything up
so I think that's pretty much below now
which is and then so fun times fun times
work that I've been doing just basically
every weekend to be honest I couldn't
find caveat I'm really bad at googling
for stuff I couldn't find a module that
would allow me to map over some content
like an iterables content in parallel
and said like the situation is you've
got like a a so some sort of stream you
want to concert the consume from or an
iterator it's a rule that you are
consumed from and that's coming in
asynchronously every so often you want
to do some transform with the value that
comes back but if you do in like a for
away of loop that's like doing it in
serial so you have to wait for that
operation to complete before you start
consuming the next chunk from the thing
and actually what you want in a lot of
situations and you can do is that chunk
where you're doing the transform you
parallel eyes it and do a whole bunch of
them at once and then and then yeah
anyway so this module takes iterable and
a mapping function and here apply the
mapping function to each item from the
iterable in parallel and give you back
in iterable that you can iterate over
and consume and it preserves the order
so whilst all of the async stuff will be
done in parallel and the order is
retained so that's kind of fun all right
I was blocked blocked on the zero four
five release basically there's this
hundred CPU issue that flash code has
been investigating I need to get back on
actually looking into that and debugging
it helping them out at least if I can
and I want to do some proper testing of
the DHT that's in there now and I also
want to do some more work towards the
async iterators endeavor and and more
work again towards the cid v1 base 42
encoded by default stuff like I think
from my perspective now areas what's
left to do is get all the tests working
basically all your tests with you build
in see IDs the strings that's that's
kind of annoying for me especially if
the the content has is actually chunked
into multiple bits of truck content
because when we changed the version of
the cid to be version one by default the
cid the actual bytes stored
get a bit longer there's a little bit
more to store
so the cid it's not just a case of
converting the cid to base 30 to
encoding because the content has
actually changed as well of the links of
the node so yeah that's kind of annoying
so here we go it's gonna be fun science
but so i need to do that but then there
is the whole problem of like bits or
from the DHT using c ids and they should
probably be using multi hashes and i
need to look into and resolve that as
well so they are two key bits that need
to be sorted that's me
sorry for the long update I've been here
for two weeks so I have lots to say
there you go
next up is wait wait questions I don't
know how this works anymore it's been
too easy Jacob you've got a question
yeah for the for the async iterator
stuff like you've created that module
and I know you've created a few other
modules and I think who goes greats
themself as well I think it would be
nice to have maybe in the async iterator
issue itself to have like a glossary of
here are the modules that we have
created to make this easier or modules
that exists and make all this stuff
easier so that we're not recreating them
if we can't Google to find them yeah
yeah I think that's a good idea and I
think that we should also be careful not
to reinvent the wheel and just make a
lot of modules that already exist and I
think if we can we should settle on like
a kind of async iterator tool yeah I
like if people are if you have
suggestions it would be cool to note
them down in the async iterators awesome
endeavor and we can maybe pick one and
looked at the bundle size for one of
them I think Hugo suggested and it was
like 30kg zipped and like a link to
async which is like 8kg zips and I was
like no we can't use that one so that
would be bad
so yeah we've got some things to
consider but yeah like first for the
modules that we've created that we don't
think already exist other people who are
doing this work have like a a place to
pick a new stuff that they need for
whatever they're doing
cool yes good suggestion any other
questions all right let's move on
vmx okay would you like to share with us
please yes so I've been working on the
IP LD selectors thing I've linked the
current draft of the spec if you're
interested
also comments are welcome if you have
any ideas if it's cool up and there's
also an implementation already in
JavaScript which will improve it's still
not like that good but yeah it kind of
works you can even have your own tests
without doing JavaScript work and I did
I think I also put it in the notes last
week some some tooling around but it's
also improved so yeah if you were to
check it out then a lot of moving the
JavaScript proteins to Travis CI there's
only two projects left I'm the
maintainer of and then I'm done and yeah
next I'm not blocked not really but I
really want to get this JSI LDPR merged
so there's I yeah so hopefully Allen
will have times we have another view and
hopefully this time it doesn't find any
new issues and then it's hopefully
you're ready to get merged because I
really like to get it much before we do
all this other single register a weight
stuff because else I feel that it gets
delayed more and more so yeah
and then hopefully start doing to work
on the IP LD formats API changes that's
all from my site any question okay
and I wouldn't think who go for his time
because like I like him every day about
some service issues and he always
replies so that's great Travis you go
alright next up is the Alex who is not
attending doing an interview so let's
get my rent for now and you may read his
updates at your leisure next up is Jacob
would you like to share of us your
update yes so most of what I did last
week is triaging issues which I will
continue to do this week but there are
some issues I was working on the pull em
Plex integration and was looking at ipfs
interrupt
and that had some issues and so I was
checking against the latest version of
the latest iOS release candidate and the
issue exists there so it's not in pull
in Plex itself which is good but bad
because there's an issue with the
exchange files hitting heap issues so
I'm going to look into that I'm probably
going to write some basic benchmark
tests for at least the switch to see if
there's something going on in the switch
that's causing the heap to get out of
control but because that will probably
be a blocker for the next ipfs release
so that is going to be at the top of my
list for folks focusing on that this
week an issue that I am blocked on
somewhat is Travis doesn't seem to
properly support IP six tests so I went
to update the PDP TCP and that is having
some failures and was worth looking at
some additional IP 6 tests but that was
not working properly so not a huge
priority at the moment but that will
probably be an issue so yeah other than
that released a small update form J's
multi adder to support to JSON so that
we can stringify and parts from the
config multi adders so other than that
that's pretty much it anybody have
questions I see
and you are free to go
cool all right Vasco your necks would
you like to give us your update sure a
little so last week i mostly spent
almost every of my time in the HT
diagonals in the bank for the superior
to John Jessup FS
Jacob also helped me and basically the
problem is that when we when we do the
Ibanez republish at the HT put his
triggers which consequently tries to get
the closest beers and the or when we are
trying to get the closest peers the
things were getting out of control
because we basically crawl the entire
network and the query just blows up
because it wasn't finishing and so I've
been discussing possible solutions with
Jacob and we ended up going with
temporary fix for foreclosed beers and
that will hopefully and block the
release for now because we now can can
put without problems and I think that's
the biggest problem of efficiency right
now will be if we do the HD query but so
we will need some more time to have a
proper solution for that because we'll
need to refactor all the HD query and in
probably closer beers and then we also
add another problem which was if we
could really get all the cause appears
then when we tried to do the DHT puts to
all the closer peers some of them were
not answering as well because I don't
know but I assume that some of them
don't have the HTML words or they just
don't respond on time and so we also
need to tweenie to improve the fault
tolerance
for for that I created a issue for
discussing a solution but for now what I
did was a temporary fix for the closer
peers and I also did a request for gsm
FS which basically upgrades as a version
of THC and also disables the the random
walk which i think is not a problem for
now and disabling the random walk we end
with this fix the CPU is fine and from
now I think we can just improve the
things without being which is AB FS like
all crashed then I also got a little
progress in the DHT in drop tests not
ready for period but I had some progress
on that as well as the purpose of
support for demon enjoyment client I
already have the commit sin in my update
I and I hope to get in a state for PR
during this week then other minor stuff
there I did like migrate they were able
to use Travis AI interviews for for
Volker and I also did a PR for fixing
the DNS formats images and my fmt so as
I said this week I really wanted to to
get the HD interrupt tests and website
support for the demons ready and I I
also want to do a new review for the
hospital orientation it wasn't a things
that I wanted to do last week but thanks
to the HD I couldn't manage to get that
and also there Kempsey made a couple of
pairs for sync migrations for every NS
in DHT and is also waiting for my
feedback so I realized also to get those
parents reviewed this week is everything
any questions I have
so the the fixes that you've the owner
temporary success that you've done to to
help fix up the CPU usage
well does that effectively mean for the
like what what have we lost by doing
those so it sounds like
so we're disabling DHT discovery does
that mean I'm not going to get lots and
lots of beers appearing in my Jess IVFs
no it's not going to discover them but
content like I'll still be able to get
content from the network that I wasn't
able to before so basically first when
we do the the DHT puts will not put to
as many beers at it would be great to
put because what we are doing now is
just do a first iteration of closer
beers and not like carrying the closer
peers of the closer peers and the cause
appears of the closer closer peers and
so on this is what was happening before
and basically all right what we
discussed to fix that it would probably
help to have the sink it's Reiter's
because we put like it right to through
the query and abort the query has a
certain time that we for a metric we
decided we have enough peers while we
now were just crawling about the network
and regarding the discovery basically
each time we interact with the DHT we
will discover new peers on our queries
like boots and get and we will be able
with that to get more peers in the
network but random walk would be like
the step where we can get like five five
hundred nodes now I try to it we don't
run them well we disable it and I got
connected with I think 120 peers in in
30 minutes something okay
cool alright and so what's the what's
the kind of timeline for getting those
features re-enabled and fixed do you do
like will you be able to do it this
quarter do you think or pushing it to
next water I'm not really really sure it
now because it will depend on the on the
discussion that we have in the in that
issue because I think for for this to be
really in a good shape we we also should
have some efforts in improving the
connection manager because if we if you
were able to smartly close connections
we would be able to have more proper
forum panicked to two other beers which
no is a problem okay okay
any other questions for Russia all right
let's move on it Hugo hi guys
gonna share my screen just a little bit
so I've been doing a lot of one of my
stuff
DHCP client basically finished your just
finishing up some little things to be
able to merge it hopefully I also need a
review and a prototype for a ipfs
company pull requests about per site opt
out further redirects you can see the
prototype in the link there but a bunch
of dependencies that I got to update to
string three we are almost almost string
two three
from my research the only package still
pulling up or pulling in readable steam
to is the Liberty crypto sex sex or
whatever the repo is called a level
edits later they've some debugging on
the lipid to PCI problem
the guys from traders finally respond to
my support tickets basically it's
exactly as I told them the the way they
said that they're their windows VMs is
wrong I told them how they should set up
the windows vm's
because I validated that the way I
explained to them works at least for us
and he's mostly what everyone does when
they won't and nodejs and me to compile
native stuff for nodejs do was basically
installing NPM package that does all the
things needed to a debt working on
Windows let's see how they respond this
CI stuff might not be finished because
of the old in their acquisition of
Travis I don't know how much work
they're gonna put on Travis from now on
but let's see how that turns out
indeed a prioritization of the async
traitors for requests basically right
now on the issue we have all the repos
with a p0 p1 p2
parrot elation everything else has a p3
plus basically what I did I only did
like be zeros be ones in peaches
basically p0 depends on nothing the at
least our dependence is not like streams
or stuff p1 depends only on p0 s and P
to depend on P ones and be zeros
everything else is gonna be on another
wave and that's why some of them have
like p3 plus that's because they either
depend on P suit peaches are higher than
that so we now have everything like
privatized so we can start looking at
the pz rose merging doing a release with
a place of minor and go from there to
the p1 and p2 the one thing I noticed
when doing this this work is let me give
you an example
where's the when I'll basically look
through the the dependencies and a lot
of our repos have like ok dependencies
they mostly have only third party
dependencies at least be zeros but then
under the on the dev dependencies they
depend on higher higher level repos as
we go through these repos and do the
sync traitors full requests would be a
good thing to try to remove the higher
level packages from the tests some of
our repos are really hard to do
especially the ETP ones because it's
kind of really hard to not use higher
level repos to do the
but others like this one the multi-part
we shouldn't like any like IVFs apir
this is really all the HTTP client to do
the test you should do the the mocks and
features manually maybe going to the
HTTP client getting the output and just
copy edit copy pasting it suited to the
test so we don't kind of need to depend
on Eire level Ripple's to do the tests
that would make the ripples more modular
and more like not directly dependent on
a level repos and that would be probably
a good thing and the tests would be more
atomic for the repo logic not like only
world with ours stuff because if anyone
wants to use multi parts they it will
probably like break because the it's
made for HTTP client so if you can when
you go through the PRS about this stuff
try to remove as much as you can from
the dev dependencies for the rest I
already lost my iPad let me find it
[Music]
yeah one other thing I'd fixed something
for a on the or else everyone
mocha is using is not using the same
time out setting when run through karma
as its as its when run like standalone
as for no tests so I did a public where
Sundays you to do to use the same time
out that tastes like five seconds
because right now caramel with mocha
only waits for two seconds block on the
leap b2b release or disappear face and
I'll be trying to merge the HTTP client
on the size finish the GSMA face on the
sides and start to be the I think it's
Raiders
and hopefully I can get to the proper
log file mass that is bringing a lot of
people right now because of least two
things they're locking itself and some
newer syntax that it's failing on
electron on or react native world
whatever we have a couple of issues
about it yeah that's it anyone has any
questions
[Music]
cool thank you you go I cannot see any
questions so if we don't have any then
can you stop sharing your screen and we
will continue on to Zane cool so I found
PRS for the Jas data store packages a
problem for justice or Court and CI is
failing notes locally which is now
allowing you to sort of test the
packages that are further downstream so
I hope to like clear the triad of or
trio of packages and get all those
working this week and addressing PR
comments as well and thanks for this and
questions within all right and that's
the end of the list but we have an Alex
now would you like to share your update
Alex
sure so last week I was holiday so very
much I was I was looking to a perceived
problem with hubsan agency to stop
working after one and after a bit of
investigation it turns out there's a
magic number for this the maximum size
of a message that you can send if you
send a message to subscribers there is
bigger than this position they would
disconnect from you
and laughing out the hard way it would
be nice if it exploded instead like on
the on but when you try and send a
message that's bigger than that then it
should say hey don't do that so you can
then not do that and then have things
work anything so that was fun
found that Russia is going to look into
it to see where where the actual thing
is that sets that limit
because yeah it forgive me something
like the total size of the message
rather than just the data field because
you send things like to subscribers as
well something or the topics so it could
be a combination of like the topic name
plus the data field of something like
that shows indicator that it's gonna be
quite dire not blocked in anything next
week I am going to finish those my PFS
blog posts because there was a whole
kind of comment about it and now that I
know what people want to see in it now I
can put in it and it's going to be good
when that's done as we were filling out
our ok ours like progress for this
course I realized I haven't really done
anything because I've been working on
all this package manager stuff and all
the ok I was that we agreed to the
beginning of the year we've kind of
fallen by the wayside somewhat so I'm
going to make that not be a thing and
get some of that stuff done yeah mostly
probably like trying to add to be
missing features too I profess that we
don't have so that we can be feature
complete that would be me I've got my
blurry and that's better so I'm trying a
new webcam folker thinks I look
oversaturated I have just been on
holiday there might also be
oversaturated if I like the soft focus
any questions
cool all right thank you Alex and all
people who have shared of us an update
if you weren't here at the start of the
call hey we're over time so if you want
to leave them you can just leave but we
went here at the start the cool I wanted
to try something new and do across teams
update sections so if you are in a team
and a different team but would like to
share with us a win or an update from
your team and we've got a section for
that now and we can all hear about each
other's wins and we can like share
information a bit more readily and
encourage people to do that and I think
that would be awesome so I said if we
had time if you don't have anything else
to do then stick around and if Jim would
like to share his his cross team update
that would be rad
okay I just keep my nearly short so I'm
working on peer pad and there's already
a pinning service which just sort of Lee
joins the collaboration with you and
your type things on what's together and
make sure that you get saved somewhere
but it isn't really saving it anywhere
permanent so I wanted to stuff it into
IPL d pin it to ipfs cluster and I want
to use IPS so that we can actually find
a head of that thing so and a reboot the
Pinner
eye I don't know if that's going to work
but so I did a quick try to make it work
on Thursday and I failed so I'm gonna be
spending some time to speak time not
thinking about it and a few other things
I'm interested in but I'll just leave it
at that
awesome thank you any other ad-lib
updates anyone without else would like
to give away if anyone has any questions
for Jim no questions but Lida would like
to update go for it
well well I'm here so maybe go quickly
mentioned that Hugo already mentioned
that he created a very nice in my
opinion take on redoing the interface of
our browser extension so if anyone is
interested I extracted that idea into a
separate thread when we can brainstorm
how we can improve the current UI or how
can we design absolutely new one and
here is the Hugo's idea and feel free to
post i'll stop sharing and i'll paste
link to the chart in case anyone is
interested
all right thank you later cool
that's in the chat and that's it for
this we covered notes wait Jacobs out
next Monday vodkas out next week
be aware don't message them they're busy
all right thanks a lot
everyone and thanks for sticking around
if you did so to take up more time than
I am allocated and we'll see you next
week for another exciting around of what
I done that this week that's only you
hey are you going question you've missed
it no no no I was just waiting you're
all right
no waving I'm drowning okay all right
okay bye bye-bye